TRACING-3926 | Release notes for RHOSDT 3.1 (#71235)
openshift/openshift-docs: otel/otel-release-notes.adoc

Multi-backend receiving and exporting:: The Collector can receive and send data to multiple monitoring and analysis platforms simultaneously.

[id="otel-3-1-rn"]
== {OTELName} 3.1

{OTELName} 3.1 is based on link:https://opentelemetry.io/[OpenTelemetry] 0.93.0.

[id="new-features-and-enhancements_otel-3-1-rn"]
=== New features and enhancements

This update introduces the following enhancements:

> * Enable target allocator in the OpenTelemetry collector.

Reviewer: I'll suggest a short summary of what the target allocator is and what it does (https://opentelemetry.io/docs/kubernetes/operator/target-allocator/).

> * Add support for target allocator in the OpenTelemetry collector. The target allocator is an optional component of the operator that shards Prometheus receiver scrape targets across deployed fleet of OpenTelemetry collector. The target allocator as well provides integration with Prometheus `PodMonitor` and `ServiceMonitor` custom resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for target allocator in the OpenTelemetry collector. The target allocator is an optional component of the OpenTelemetry Operator that shards Prometheus receiver scrape targets across the deployed fleet of OpenTelemetry Collector instances. The target allocator provides integration with the Prometheus `PodMonitor` and `ServiceMonitor` custom resources.
```

[id="removal-notice_otel-3-1-rn"]
=== Removal notice

* Nothing

[id="bug-fixes_otel-3-1-rn"]
=== Bug fixes

* Nothing

[id="known-issues_otel-3-1-rn"]
=== Known issues

* Nothing

[id="otel-3-0-rn"]

> == {OTELName} {DTProductVersion}

Author: @max-cx note that once you change DTProductVersion to the 0.93.0 the RN for 3.0 will need to be changed to accommodate the change.
